Correct option:



EC2 Reserved Instance (RI)

An EC2 Reserved Instance (RI) provides you with significant savings (up to 75%) on your Amazon EC2 costs compared to On-Demand Instance pricing. A Reserved Instance (RI) is not a physical instance, but rather a billing discount applied to the use of On-Demand Instances in your account. You can purchase a Reserved Instance (RI) for a one-year or three-year commitment, with the three-year commitment offering a bigger discount. A reserved instance (RI) cannot be interrupted. So this is the correct option.

EC2 Pricing Options Overview: 

via -https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/



Incorrect options:



EC2 On-Demand Instance - An EC2 On-Demand Instance is an instance that you use on-demand. You have full control over its lifecycle — you decide when to launch, stop, hibernate, start, reboot, or terminate it. There is no long-term commitment required when you purchase On-Demand Instances. There is no upfront payment and you pay only for the seconds that your On-Demand Instances are running. The price per second for running an On-Demand Instance is fixed. On-demand instances cannot be interrupted. However, On-demand instances are not as cost-effective as Reserved instances, so this option is not correct.

EC2 Spot Instance - An EC2 Spot Instance is an unused EC2 instance that is available for less than the On-Demand price. Because Spot Instances enable you to request unused EC2 instances at steep discounts (up to 90%), you can lower your Amazon EC2 costs significantly. Spot Instances are well-suited for data analysis, batch jobs, background processing, and optional tasks. These can be terminated at short notice, so these are not suitable for critical workloads that need to run at a specific point in time. So this option is not correct for the given use-case.

EC2 Dedicated Host - An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host allows you to use your eligible software licenses from vendors such as Microsoft and Oracle on Amazon EC2 so that you get the flexibility and cost-effectiveness of using your licenses, but with the resiliency, simplicity, and elasticity of AWS. An Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server fully dedicated for your use, so you can help address corporate compliance requirement. It is not cost-efficient compared to an On-Demand instance. So this option is not correct.

Reference:

https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/
