Which AWS service would you suggest to get an estimate of the monthly AWS bill based on the AWS services a company might use?

Correct option:


AWS Pricing Calculator

AWS Pricing Calculator lets you explore AWS services and create an estimate for the cost of your use cases on AWS. You can model your solutions before building them, explore the price points and calculations behind your estimate, and find the available instance types and contract terms that meet your needs. This enables you to make informed decisions about using AWS. You can plan your AWS costs and usage or price out setting up a new set of instances and services. AWS Pricing Calculator can provide the estimate of the AWS service usage based on the list of AWS services.



via -https://calculator.aws/#/The AWS Pricing Calculator is accessible on : https://calculator.aws/#/

You should also note AWS is in the process of deprecating a similar tool called the Simple Monthly Calculator. This calculator provides an estimate of usage charges for AWS services based on certain information you provide. It helps customers and prospects estimate their monthly AWS bill more efficiently. This tool can be accessed on : https://calculator.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html



Incorrect options:



AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR) - The AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR) contains the most comprehensive set of AWS cost and usage data available, including additional metadata about AWS services, pricing, credit, fees, taxes, discounts, cost categories, Reserved Instances, and Savings Plans. The AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR) itemizes usage at the account or Organization level by product code, usage type and operation. These costs can be further organized by Cost Allocation tags and Cost Categories. The AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR) is available at an hourly, daily, or monthly level of granularity, as well as at the management or member account level. The AWS Cost & Usage Report (AWS CUR) cannot provide the estimate of the monthly AWS bill based on the list of AWS services.

AWS Cost Explorer - AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time. AWS Cost Explorer includes a default report that helps you visualize the costs and usage associated with your top five cost-accruing AWS services, and gives you a detailed breakdown of all services in the table view. The reports let you adjust the time range to view historical data going back up to twelve months to gain an understanding of your cost trends. AWS Cost Explorer cannot provide the estimate of the monthly AWS bill based on the list of AWS services.

AWS Budgets - AWS Budgets gives the ability to set custom budgets that alert you when your costs or usage exceed (or are forecasted to exceed) your budgeted amount. You can also use AWS Budgets to set reservation utilization or coverage targets and receive alerts when your utilization drops below the threshold you define. Budgets can be created at the monthly, quarterly, or yearly level, and you can customize the start and end dates. You can further refine your budget to track costs associated with multiple dimensions, such as AWS service, linked account, tag, and others. AWS Budgets cannot provide the estimate of the monthly AWS bill based on the list of AWS services.

Reference:

https://calculator.aws/#/


